hello for fans we are with others
comments analysis of matches
these are simply the comments
analysis below in the description part
you have the link to see the goals of the
I meet where the saint etienne of
equaled one by one with flour down
from the description part you have a link
to see the goals of the match with
the set of walter mazzarri takes the
ball that the home owner had 56%
against a 44 he had several chances at
same as the local set where the
arqueros ruffier son pablo reed
the latter especially were great
figures of the encounter and big mistakes
defensive in both defenses
the good options of goalkeepers
because there is a lack of more goals
first match of the match is reached
50 to 33 minutes the goal of everything
the export of the roma the southpaw the lateral
and here little midfielder in a center
which part of the right of the head
palace ruffier responds very well but
unfortunately he has the rebound to
deaf to the Brazilian to put the 1 to 0
for the local set the number 22 the
former man of Rome
and put
somewhat against zero up the set
Italy where they were holders
and Juan Gary Medel
and kovacic all and palaces that are
habitual holders in the set
visitor while at the local play
in bulk one of his maximum figures the
extreme the number seven in the league of
France is better promise we could say
he played riki
van winkle the number 13 played as
front where he had two chances
clear that I put you very well cheek
soft was also florentín water
we said that it was also ferrín salt
clement and you mobile that is
one of the references of the set
French where he was in the bank by
example let's take a lot that is usual
owner and I joined the bank nor
even the number 10 that now does not
I remember the name the peladito
midfielder organizer
he was on the substitute bench
the equalizer and we said that
came from salt in a corner shot to
the 50 minutes for Juan's left
Pablo Reed is together the rebound for
that the central marker breaks the arc
the number 26 to the archer the ex lazio and
put the final result
saying this we find ourselves later
for another comment embrace analysis of
gol chao